(dev-doc-detector-threshold-configs): Updated issue platform detector docs. (#1023)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/issue-platform-detectors.mdx

    [Project settings:](https://sentry.io/settings/sentry/projects/sentry/performance/)

    ![Project settings screenshot](img/issuePlatformFingerprinting03.png)

## Detector Threshold Configurations

Once the detector has been tested and deployed, you can add the corresponding issue to the list of detector threshold settings in **Project Settings > Performance**:

![Detector Threshold settings customer ui screenshot](img/issuePlatformCustomerDetectorSettings.png)

Also, add the corresponding issue to the admin settings ui. It allows support to enable/disable detection of the issue for a project:

![Detector Threshold settings admin ui screenshot](img/issuePlatformAdminDetectionSettings.png)

Things to note when making detector thresholds configurable: 

> - The **maximum threshold value** of the range, should not be big enough to make the issue undetectable. We are not trying to disable detection here. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **maximum threshold value** of the range should not be big enough to make the issue undetectable. We are not trying to disable detection here. 
```

> - The **minimum threshold value** of the range, should hold some significance when exceeded. We want our users to find a issue that we detect, significant enough to look further into. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **minimum threshold value** of the range should hold some significance when exceeded. We want our users to find an issue that we detect significant enough to look further into. 
```

> - The **impact** of changing the thresholds chosen to be made configurable, **should be easy for the user to interpret**. For example: Instead of displaying the raw duration of db base spans on the main thread
>  as a configurable threshold, we display the frame rate drop that may result from having a db span of that duration on the main thread:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **impact** of changing the configurable thresholds **should be easy for the user to interpret**. For example, instead of configuring the raw duration of DB base spans on the main thread, users can configure the resulting frame rate drop. 
```
